Historical Update April 2012
This project was borne out of my frustration (an over ten year old frustration now) that windows did not come with a database-backed filesystem.  While just a simple searching and metadata association tool, it should still be of some use to folks interested in historical windows programming


File MetaData Database Project
Copyright Hunter Davis 2003

File Last Updated September 25 2003


README:

What is it:

Databaser - the file metadata database project.  Sounds complicated right?
Don't worry!  It's really simple.  Here's the gist of it, associate 
keywords(metadata) with files then search for keywords to return files.
The next version of windows filesystem(winFS) uses a similar approach
to metadata storage, why not get a handle on it now.  This program is more
a proof of concept than a enterprise ready application.  That said, I have
found a few interesting uses for this application.  Example: Using metadata to 
organize divx movies.  Want to watch an action movie?  A romance?  Search and see.


Instructions for Use:

Ok there are basically 3 steps to completely mastering this application.
1.  Associating metadata with files.
2.  Searching metadata.
3.  Opening files.

Step 1:
Click the add file to database button.
Select a file.
Enter metadata into the metadata entry box, keywords seperated by spaces.

Step 2:
Back on the main screen, enter your search keywords.
Just like google, keyword searches default to "AND inclusive" type searches!
This means that if you search for "poo stuff" and there is a file with metadata
"poo" it will not be displayed, but if that file had "poo crap stuff" then it
would be displayed.  See how that works?  Try it out for yourself.

Step 3:
To open a file, either highlight the file and click "launch file" or
double-click on the file in the results view.


Recovering From Disaster, and The Internals of Databaser:

Ok, so let's say you want to clear out your database, view the internals, 
or have a fresh install.. No problem!  Databaser fills up an access database
with all the metadata information (metadata.mdb) and all you need to do is
edit that file, or copy the metadata virgin.mdb to metadata.mdb to clear.
